Dad?
All the places to settle in Wancheng have been set
Please take a look.
Sun plan
They made it.
That's right, the strength of the Sun Group
It is much worse than our Su Group.
It was originally ineligible to enlist in the army
But then I heard something.
The chairperson of the Sun Group, Sun Zhonghua
I went to Yiguo some time ago
What are you doing in Yiguo?
And the world's top
The flag of a luxury clothing brand
Signed a strategic cooperation
He talked about it.
I heard, for this matter
Tang Long, the person in charge of Wancheng
Directly place all clothing business orders
All given to the Sun family
All clothing lists
That's a lot of demand.
Exactly.
The Sun Group's own factories are already busy
Are you looking for a partner now?
Cooperation with the Sun family
We have to take it down when we collect it.
You are all executives of the Su Group
This cooperation with Sun Family Group
Who can adjust this beam?
Dad, this cooperation with Sun's Group
It's a good thing
But
Sun Group is the person in charge of this project this time
Not Sun Zhonghua himself?
It was his son.
Sun Lei, what happened to his son?
As long as we can cooperate
It doesn't matter who you talk to
It's Sun Zhonghua, who is indeed right
But his son
It is said to be something that eats people and does not spit bones
And he's a nymphomaniac
He's a pervert
There's still a bad life on this body
Oh grandpa
Su Wanqiu said
He wants to try